no
much desire for all the guys here at
giuseppe welcome to this new video
by assassin's creed 4 black flag in which
I will show you how to capture different
sea ​​creatures since even gods
tips that can help them
in the company the possibility of smoothing out
sea ​​creatures will be available
from sequence 3 consists of a phase of
game where we have to hit several times
the enemy to fall under the blows
a piece of advice from our harpoon
I can give you a priori and that the process
of aging will be easier if you have
purchased upgrades from
harbourmaster general store that sells
upgrades for your ship
and that you can find in different places
like salt that the biggest to buy
I am the armor for the rowboat that
will allow you to have a boat more
resistant to force attacks
of the action that ensures damage
greater when hitting prey e
deposit of harpoons thanks to which you can
have more harpoons available during
the hunting process we now turn to
sea ​​creatures will appear on the map
and they will never have a fixed position
in case there are none on
map
take a trip to different islands
one should appear during mine
I travel with the jack do I came across
for the first time with a leuca shark
defeat it was not hard to believe
in fact if one of the simplest preys
to capture his movement was
rather predictable so it was
You can hit it without major problems
the second sea creature that
met the hammerhead fish a
Unlike the Leo shark I have
noticed that they move so little
predictable and consequently capture
it was more complicated though slightly
when the creature is tenacious as in
this case could get rid of
taking of the actions with which it precisely
we hit him he'll try to attack
our rowboat that could
give in to the blows if not properly
enhanced shark capture of
other creatures will get us different
objects like skin useful bones for the
manufacture of clothes for edward in
In this case we are manufacturing the
dressed as a shark hunter who does not
it's particular influences on the game is
purely aesthetic
a controlled creature difficult to
beat was lorca often avoided i
my breakfast attacks and those times
where I could hit it freed
after a while and then upload to mine
ship trying to destroy it later
a not easy refinement process
have managed to defeat lorca a
thus unlock the goal trophy friend
of nature that consists precisely in the
flat king an orca left the discovery
of the other marine creatures you know
only that there are really huge ones
in that case the difficulty of my game
the video will be much taller
concludes here I hope you enjoyed it and
remember that it was helpful to you
leave a like a comment of
register for two years in the description
also find the link of my channel
where I invite you to pass to register given
that you will find the face of the game guides
on secrets and goals and from the
next week of videos of each
type on call of duty calls i vi
thank you for being here with me by
have seen this video and see you next time
Hello